# README for Mail::Digest::Tools 
Mail::Digest::Tools - Tools for digest versions of mailing lists

This document refers to version 2.02 of Mail::Digest::Tools, 
released February 26, 2004.

This version has been fully tested only on a Linux system.  The author is 
now perfecting the test suite so it tests correctly on a Win32 system.  The 
code from Tools.pm itself should work correctly on Win32.

This module is not currently expected to work on operating systems other 
than Unix/Linux and Win32.

To install this module on your system, place the tarball archive file in a 
temporary directory and call the following:

% gunzip Mail-Digest-Tools-2.02.tar.gz
% tar xf Mail-Digest-Tools-2.02.tar
% cd Mail-Digest-Tools-2.02
% perl Makefile.PL
% make
% make test
% make install

If during installation you wish to view more information on test results, 
substitute the fllowing for the sixth line in the sequence of commands
above:

% make test TEST=VERBOSE

If you are installing this module over any earlier version, you may 
substitute the following for the last line in the sequence of commands 
above:

% make install UNINST=1

If you are installing this module on a Win32 system with 'nmake', 
substitute 'nmake' for 'make' in the sequence of commands above.

The author has found that trying to install this distribution with 
(a) older (pre-6.16) versions of ExtUtils::MakeMaker, (b) on older 
versions of Perl (e.g., 5.6.0), and (c) on older Linux distributions 
(e.g., RedHat Linux 7.3) can result in a situation where the module's 
Plain Old Documentation, when transformed into manual pages, is not 
automatically placed in the optimal location for reading thru 'man' 
and 'info' (even though it reads perfectly through 'perldoc').  If you 
experience this problem, issue the following at the command line 
(adapted from a suggestion by Michael Schwern on the module-authors 
mailing list):

% perl Makefile.PL INSTALLSITEMAN3DIR=/usr/share/man/man3

Mail::Digest::Tools uses the Time::Local module which is part of the 
standard Perl distribution.

The test suite for Mail::Digest::Tools uses the Cwd and File::Copy 
modules, both of which are part of the standard Perl distribution.  In
addition, the test suite uses CPAN module List::Compare, by the same 
author.  You may either install List::Compare manually before installing 
Mail::Digest::Tools or, if using the cpan prompt, allow the module to 
install automatically.  (Mail::Digest::Tools does not itself use 
List::Compare.)

Other than what is described just above, there are no module 
dependencies in this version of Mail::Digest::Tools.

In sending e-mail to the author, please put "Mail::Digest::Tools" or 
"Mail-Digest-Tools" in the subject line.

Author:  James E. Keenan (jkeenan@cpan.org).
Originally created August 21, 2000.

Copyright (c) 2000-04 James E. Keenan.  United States.  All rights reserved. 
This is free software and may be distributed under the same terms as Perl
itself.

